7428 add link to icr page in GitHub repo (#7431)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/container-images.adoc

These tags pull the latest version because they do not specify a version number. You can specify a version other than the latest version in the image tag. If you do not specify a tag value, `latest` is used by default. For more information about these tag values, see the <<#tags,Container image tags naming conventions>> section.

> For more information on the full list of supported Open Liberty container images, see the link:https://www.ibm.com/links?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FOpenLiberty%2Fci.docker%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fdocs%2Ficr-images.md[IBM Container Registry (ICR) page on the Open Liberty GitHub repository].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the full list of supported Open Liberty container images, see the link:https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.docker/blob/main/docs/icr-images.md[IBM Container Registry (ICR) page on the Open Liberty GitHub repository].
```
